Seven fairies marry one and there are only six left
They are all immortals
There's no question.
Is it six gods?
Really, if it were me
Can't think of it all night
Ha ha.
You are now the princess going to the store
I'm going to Willow New. There's 100,000 rocket
master
Ah!
Let's go over there
Miss Liu proposed a lantern riddle
If anyone could guess
I can spend the night with Miss Liu
Maybe I can take this opportunity to clear the rules
Hey, many talents have rushed over from the capital
It's just that this puzzle is so hard
Hey, Miss Liu only has one uniform besides puzzles
How do you guess?
Even Miss Liu didn't tell us
Is it a word or an idiom?
It's too hard